读摩托车维修：

:tomato: :tomato: 

---

In the below content, i have two question, one: why the author say  "In this case, it was the owner of the bike who would get fornicated, when I handed him the bill."two: what is the way ? give  me some example, in "my own Ph.D. dissertation proceeded in a way similar to the Magna oil seal episode".

the content:
There is something perverse at work here, and I would like to understand it. That oil seal was the opening to Pandora’s box: I felt compelled to get to the bottom of things, to gape them open and clean them out. But this lust for thoroughness is at odds with the world of human concerns in which the bike is situated, where all that matters is that the bike works. The bike is for riding, and riding motorcycles competes for resources with other purposes the owner surely has. This more holistic, pragmatic view of the motorcycle is the one where economics becomes salient. It grounds the fiduciary responsibility of the mechanic to the owner. In digging at that oil seal heedlessly, I was acting out of some need of my own. The curious man is always a fornicator, according to Saint Augustine. In this case, it was the owner of the bike who would get fornicated, when I handed him the bill.

One theologian writes that “curiosity’s desire is closed, limited by the object it wants to know considered in isolation: the knowledge curiosity seeks is wanted as though it were the only thing to be had.”2 The problem with such fixation is that the mechanic’s activity, properly understood, is practical in character, rather than curious or theoretical. As such it must be disciplined by a circumspect regard for others, a kind of fiduciary consciousness. Amy Gilbert writes that practical wisdom entails “the full appreciation of the salient moral features of the particular situations we confront. Our awareness of these features enables us to respond properly to them.”3 Acquiring practical wisdom, then, entails overcoming the self-absorption of the idiot, but also the tunnel vision of the curious man whose attention is indeed directed outside of himself, but who sees only his own goal. A lot of academic work has this quality of curiosity without circumspection; my own Ph.D. dissertation proceeded in a way similar to the Magna oil seal episode. But with the Magna I had to give an account to the customer.
The metaphysician often takes a dim view of economic exchange. It is the realm of mere agreement and conventional valuations, rather than intrinsic qualities. But agreement and convention, if consulted, provide a helpful check on your own subjectivity—they offer proof that you are not insane, or at least a more robust presumption to that effect. Some of us need such proof more than others, and getting paid for what you love to do can provide it. Going into business is good therapy for the feeling that there is something arbitrary and idiosyncratic in your grasp of the world, and therefore that your actions within it are unjustified.
The oil seal turned out to be one that, of course, could be replaced only from the inside—a huge job. I ended up pulling the final drive unit (the Magna is shaft-driven) and the swing arm to replace that oil seal. Doing so gave me great satisfaction. But like that of the fornicator, this pleasure brought a surge of bad conscience in its wake. In the end I knocked the labor bill from $2,200 down to $1,500. This entailed a belated recognition that the quality of being wide-awake, of being a clear-sighted person who looks around and sees the whole situation, isn’t something I can take for granted in myself. It is something that needs to be achieved on a moment-to-moment basis. The presence of others in a shared world makes this both possible and necessary.

